---
title: "Homework 4"
permalink: assignments/hw4
excerpt: Deep reinforcement learning, policy gradients, actor-critic, course summary and mini-project.
author: aviv
date: 2021-07-04
published: false
---

**Submission date**: August 26st, 2021

## Topics

- Deep reinforcement learning based on policy gradients.
- Course summary questions on various topics.
- Mini project, either:
  - Advanced GANs
  - Sentiment analysis with self-attention


## Downloading

The assignment is available
[here](https://technionmail-my.sharepoint.com/:u:/g/personal/avivr_campus_technion_ac_il/ERd-IOC7STZBunrIVBEHqKYBDQN_MpsSkb0mRwZre0dnWw?e=8nqwbv)
(use the download button at the top).

## Technical Notes for Part 1

- Part 1 does not require a GPU. We won't need large models, and the computation
  bottleneck will be the generation of episodes to train on.
- The OpenAI `gym` library is not officially supported on windows.
  It should be possible to install and run the necessary environment for this
  exercise. However, we cannot provide you with technical support for Windows.
  If you have trouble installing locally, please use the course server.

## FAQ

Make sure to read the
[getting started page]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link _assignments/00-getting-started.md %}),
the
[guide for using course servers]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link _assignments/01-hpc-servers.md %})
and our
[collaboration policy]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link _pages/info.md %})
before starting the assignment.

**Q**: What is the `_final` checkpoint file?  
**A**: You must use this to create your final submission with result video from
your best-trained model. When you get
results that your happy with, rename the checkpoint file by appending `_final`.
You don't need to submit the `checkpoints/` folder (the `main.py` script will ignore
them).


**Q**: Should the `results/` directory be part of the submission?  
**A**: Yes. The submission script will include it for you. This is OK. Do not
put any unnecessary files in this directory apart from the results files
generated by the notebooks.


**Q**: Should the `project/` directory be part of the submission?  
**A**: Yes. You should include here the source files necessary to implement your project.
Do not put any unnecessary files in this directory apart from the source files
and result files you need to load for display in the project notebook.
